." Man for Listep.pl. Using .man extension for faster portability (instead of Listep.7)

." Header. Miscelaneous category.
.TH "Listep.pl" 7 "October 6 2016" "version 1.0"
.SH NAME
Listep.pl - Reports and log creator for budget scheduling.

.SH SYNOPSIS

perl Listep.pl --sanc [sanc_file] - Create a log report about a cancelled file (sancionado_nnnn.csv)

perl Listep.pl --ejec [ejec_file] - Create a log report about a budget file (ejecutado_xxxx_nn_yyyymmdd.csv)

perl Listep.pl --ctrl [ejec_file] [sanc_file] - Create a log report about a whole budget in a year.

.SH DESCRIPTION

Listep.pl is a high level perl script to report logs about the scheduling year, including balance accounting, filtering, sorting and csv exporting.

.SH OPTIONS

--sanc [SANC_FILE]: Lists in sanctions mode.

--ejec [EXEC_FILE]: Lists in executed budgets mode.

--ctrl [EXEC_FILE] [SANC_FILE]: Lists in control mode.

Note: Only one of the three may be present at a time.

Example: ./Listep.pl -sanc path/a/mi/archivo.csv

.SH SANCTION OPTIONS

-ct : Sorts first by central code and inside by trimesters.

-tc : Sorts first by trimester and inside by central codes.

Note: Only one of the filters can be used at a time.

Example: ./Listep.pl -sanc sancionados_2015.csv -ct

.SH EXECUTED OPTIONS

-all : Filters by all activities

-act : Filters by one or more activitites (Each one goes inside quotes, separated by spaces)

Note: If both filters passed, all activities will be filtered.

Example: ./Listep.pl -ejec ejecutado_2016_2_20160203.csv -act "Activity one" "Activity two"

.SH CONTROL OPTIONS

-trim-all : Filters by all trimesters

-trim : Filters by one or more trimesters (Each one goes inside quotes, separated by spaces)

-cent-all : Filters by all centers

-cent : Filters by one or more centers (Each one goes inside quotes, separated by spaces)

Note: If specific filters and -all are passed for the same category, all fields for the cateogry will be applied instead of the specifics.

Example: ./Listep.pl -ctrl ejecutado_2016_5_20160101.csv sancionado_2016.csv -trim "Trimestre uno" "Trimestre dos" -cent-all

.SH MISCELANEOUS OPTIONS

-help | -h : Help

-output | -o : Output file. If no name specified a unique-default name will be used.

Note: The recommended extension to use for output files is .csv but you are free to use whichever fits your needs.

.SH AUTHOR

FIUBA - Sistemas Operativos - 6th Team
